DOCSITE: Reorganise tutorials and add inline solutions (#231)
seL4/docs: Tutorials/get-the-tutorials.md

---
toc: true
title: Getting the tutorials
layout: tutorial
SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2024 seL4 Project a Series of LF Projects, LLC.
---

# Getting the tutorials
## Python Dependencies

> Additional python and CAmkES dependencies are required to build [tutorials](ReworkedTutorials). To install you can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CAmkES python dependencies are required to build the [tutorials](ReworkedTutorials). To install you can run:
```

```

> pip3 install --user aenum pyelftools camkes-deps

Reviewer: Only `camkes-deps` is required, `aenum` and `pyelftools` are part of `camkes-deps` already.

```suggestion
pip3 install --user aenum pyelftools camkes-deps
```

```

> *Hint:* This step only needs to be done once, i.e. before doing your first tutorial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Hint:* This step only needs to be done once, i.e. before doing your first tutorial.
```
